Add a toggle for the REENTRANCY permission on the LSP6 page (#440)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md

</details>

<details>
    <summary><code>REENTRANCY</code> - Allows reentering during an execution</summary>
    <p style={{marginBottom: '3%', marginTop: '2%', textAlign: 'center'}}>
        <b>value = </b><code>0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000080</code>
    </p>

> Given a contract has this permission, it enables that contract to be able to execute a payload during the execution of another payload.

Reviewer: It might not be necessarily a contract, but also an EOA (signer) with executeRelayCall(...).
We might need to specify this.

E.g. One of the best uses for this permission is the following scenario:

> 1. Make en external call to a contract A .

Reviewer: _Suggested changes_

```suggestion
1. The ERC725Acccount linked to the Key Manager makes an external call to a contract A .
```

> 2. During the call the contract A will check the received data, will make some internal updates.

Reviewer: is it what you meant?

```suggestion
2. Contract A will make some internal updates using the received data.
```

Author: Yeah

> 3. After that the contract A will call back your Universal Profile with another payload that will update your data storage.

Reviewer: We should precise **via the Key Manager**

```suggestion
3. The contract A will then call back the ERC725Account (via the Key Manager) with another payload that will update the account storage.
```
